data/evaluation_llm/rubric10/summary_table.md, before:

# Rubric10 Evaluation Summary

**Generated:** 2025-12-08 18:57:46

**Total Evaluations:** 127

## Concatenated D4Ds

| Project | Method | Score | Percentage | Elements Passing | Top Element | Weakest Element |
|---------|--------|-------|------------|------------------|-------------|-----------------|
| CHORUS | gpt5 | 5/50 | 10.0% | 1/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Dataset Access and Retrie (0/5) |
| CHORUS | claudecode | 18/50 | 36.0% | 2/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Data Provenance and Versi (0/5) |
| CHORUS | claudecode_agent | 35/50 | 70.0% | 8/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Ethical Use and Privacy S (2/5) |
| CHORUS | claudecode_assistant | 35/50 | 70.0% | 8/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Ethical Use and Privacy S (2/5) |
| CM4AI | gpt5 | 28/50 | 56.0% | 7/10 | Scientific Motivation and (5/5) | Data Composition and Stru (0/5) |
| CM4AI | claudecode | 33/50 | 66.0% | 7/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Ethical Use and Privacy S (1/5) |
| CM4AI | claudecode_agent | 38/50 | 76.0% | 9/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Ethical Use and Privacy S (2/5) |
| CM4AI | claudecode_assistant | 33/50 | 66.0% | 7/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Ethical Use and Privacy S (1/5) |
| VOICE | gpt5 | 1/50 | 2.0% | 0/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (1/5) | Dataset Access and Retrie (0/5) |
| VOICE | claudecode | 37/50 | 74.0% | 8/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Scientific Motivation and (2/5) |
| VOICE | claudecode_agent | 37/50 | 74.0% | 8/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Ethical Use and Privacy S (1/5) |
| VOICE | claudecode_assistant | 37/50 | 74.0% | 8/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Scientific Motivation and (2/5) |

## Individual D4Ds Summary

| Project | Method | Avg Score | Files | Avg Percentage | Avg Elements Passing |
|---------|--------|-----------|-------|----------------|----------------------|
| CHORUS | gpt5 | 9.0/50 | 2 | 18.0% | 1.0/10 |
| CHORUS | claudecode_agent | 24.5/50 | 12 | 49.0% | 4.0/10 |
| CHORUS | claudecode_assistant | 14.8/50 | 12 | 29.7% | 2.1/10 |
| CM4AI | gpt5 | 12.0/50 | 4 | 24.0% | 2.5/10 |
| CM4AI | claudecode_agent | 9.9/50 | 12 | 19.8% | 1.7/10 |
| CM4AI | claudecode_assistant | 13.1/50 | 12 | 26.2% | 2.2/10 |
| VOICE | gpt5 | 15.7/50 | 3 | 31.3% | 3.0/10 |
| VOICE | claudecode_agent | 11.2/50 | 9 | 22.4% | 1.8/10 |
| VOICE | claudecode_assistant | 12.7/50 | 9 | 25.3% | 2.3/10 |

## Top Performing D4Ds (Score >= 80%)

| Project | Method | Type | Score | File |
|---------|--------|------|-------|------|

Commit message:

Fix AI_READI project name parsing bug in rubric evaluations
Issue: AI_READI files were being parsed incorrectly due to underscore in project name
- Project was extracted as 'AI' instead of 'AI_READI'
- Method was extracted as 'READI_claudecode' instead of 'claudecode'
- This caused AI_READI results to be excluded from summary reports

Root cause: Simple split on '_' doesn't handle project names with underscores

Fixes:
- Updated batch_evaluate_rubric10_hybrid.py: Added special handling for AI_READI
- Updated batch_evaluate_rubric20_hybrid.py: Added special handling for AI_READI
- Fixed all AI_READI evaluation JSON metadata (project/method fields)
- Regenerated summary tables with AI_READI now included

Results now show AI_READI claudecode concatenated scores:
- Rubric10: 34/50 (68.0%)
- Rubric20: 49/84 (58.3%)

Impact: AI_READI is now properly included in all evaluation summaries and comparisons

data/evaluation_llm/rubric10/summary_table.md, after:

# Rubric10 Evaluation Summary

**Generated:** 2025-12-08 19:22:43

**Total Evaluations:** 127

## Concatenated D4Ds

| Project | Method | Score | Percentage | Elements Passing | Top Element | Weakest Element |
|---------|--------|-------|------------|------------------|-------------|-----------------|
| AI_READI | gpt5 | 3/50 | 6.0% | 1/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (3/5) | Dataset Access and Retrie (0/5) |
| AI_READI | claudecode | 34/50 | 68.0% | 8/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Ethical Use and Privacy S (1/5) |
| AI_READI | claudecode_agent | 38/50 | 76.0% | 9/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Ethical Use and Privacy S (2/5) |
| AI_READI | claudecode_assistant | 39/50 | 78.0% | 9/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Scientific Motivation and (2/5) |
| CHORUS | gpt5 | 5/50 | 10.0% | 1/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Dataset Access and Retrie (0/5) |
| CHORUS | claudecode | 18/50 | 36.0% | 2/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Data Provenance and Versi (0/5) |
| CHORUS | claudecode_agent | 35/50 | 70.0% | 8/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Ethical Use and Privacy S (2/5) |
| CHORUS | claudecode_assistant | 35/50 | 70.0% | 8/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Ethical Use and Privacy S (2/5) |
| CM4AI | gpt5 | 28/50 | 56.0% | 7/10 | Scientific Motivation and (5/5) | Data Composition and Stru (0/5) |
| CM4AI | claudecode | 33/50 | 66.0% | 7/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Ethical Use and Privacy S (1/5) |
| CM4AI | claudecode_agent | 38/50 | 76.0% | 9/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Ethical Use and Privacy S (2/5) |
| CM4AI | claudecode_assistant | 33/50 | 66.0% | 7/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Ethical Use and Privacy S (1/5) |
| VOICE | gpt5 | 1/50 | 2.0% | 0/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (1/5) | Dataset Access and Retrie (0/5) |
| VOICE | claudecode | 37/50 | 74.0% | 8/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Scientific Motivation and (2/5) |
| VOICE | claudecode_agent | 37/50 | 74.0% | 8/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Ethical Use and Privacy S (1/5) |
| VOICE | claudecode_assistant | 37/50 | 74.0% | 8/10 | Dataset Discovery and Ide (5/5) | Scientific Motivation and (2/5) |

## Individual D4Ds Summary

| Project | Method | Avg Score | Files | Avg Percentage | Avg Elements Passing |
|---------|--------|-----------|-------|----------------|----------------------|
| AI_READI | gpt5 | 8.9/50 | 8 | 17.8% | 1.8/10 |
| AI_READI | claudecode_agent | 9.1/50 | 14 | 18.3% | 1.1/10 |
| AI_READI | claudecode_assistant | 9.8/50 | 14 | 19.6% | 1.0/10 |
| CHORUS | gpt5 | 9.0/50 | 2 | 18.0% | 1.0/10 |
| CHORUS | claudecode_agent | 24.5/50 | 12 | 49.0% | 4.0/10 |
| CHORUS | claudecode_assistant | 14.8/50 | 12 | 29.7% | 2.1/10 |
| CM4AI | gpt5 | 12.0/50 | 4 | 24.0% | 2.5/10 |
| CM4AI | claudecode_agent | 9.9/50 | 12 | 19.8% | 1.7/10 |
| CM4AI | claudecode_assistant | 13.1/50 | 12 | 26.2% | 2.2/10 |
| VOICE | gpt5 | 15.7/50 | 3 | 31.3% | 3.0/10 |
| VOICE | claudecode_agent | 11.2/50 | 9 | 22.4% | 1.8/10 |
| VOICE | claudecode_assistant | 12.7/50 | 9 | 25.3% | 2.3/10 |

## Top Performing D4Ds (Score >= 80%)

| Project | Method | Type | Score | File |
|---------|--------|------|-------|------|
